* Project Proposal
  My project is a 3D game "Pokemon Ball." Basically, it has three modes. In
  order of importance, the first is the adventure, or the single player mode,
  where player play against computer. Player uses arrow keys to control a pokeball
  in a maze in attempt to capture a pokemon which is running away from the ball.
  Within the maze, there will be other pokemons trying to stop the ball. And you
  can use your pokemons' moves to attack those pokemons. I have completed 20%-30% of 
  this part. So far, I have created my own collidable 3d maze and makes it completely 
  work. I have these tasks to accomplish: 1. make pokemon walk on my maze 2. make other
  pokemons who are trying to stop you (static, particle effects to represent moves) 3.
  user can use moves 4. AI for the pokemon
  The second is the roam mode, which is a first-person camera view of all captured
  pokemons in a garden. I have completed 90 % of this.
  The third is multiplayer mode. If I can finish before the DDL, I will work on that 
  with my mentor Chris Barker.
* Technology Demonstrations
  In the files I submitted, roam.py and ball.py demonstrate my competency with Panda. 
  (I also have created my own models either using Blender or directly modifying .egg
  as text files.)
* Competitive Analysis
  There are two games in market that are similar to this one.
  1. Pokemon RPG
     This is the all-time best seller game console game. It has the best story
     line, characters, gaming mechanics. However, the only problem is that, 
     since it is a rpg, it is slow-pace and can sometimes bore the player.
     That is why I want to make it an action game. Therefore, players can enjoy
     the adorable pokemons and fast-pace, exciting (hopefully) game at the same
     time.
     The reason why Pokemon can be so successful is certainly not its graphics,
     but the fact that you are forever in search of more pokemons and trying to
     make them your own. So I just decided to make the "capture pokemon" theme
     more straightforward. You control the ball to chase your pokemon.

  2. Hamster Ball
     This is a very well-designed, relaxing game. It is 3D. You control the ball
     in which there is a hamster all the way to the destination. This game can
     be really addictable. The reason is that it is really interesting to contr-
     ol 3D objects on computer screen. And since the ball would just be a sphere,
     the maze is the union of multiple boxes, and I have found pokemon 3d models
     online, I decided to put the idea into practice. Hamster Ball also has an
     obvious disadvantage. It has no story line. So there is really no reason
     for players to keep playing that game. Maybe playing for five minutes dur-
     ing break time is a good idea, but players just won't become fully engaged.
     That's why I want to combine Pokemon's rich background with Hamster Ball's
     brilliant gaming experience.

* Storyboard
  Hand-drawn pictures.

* Code Artifacts
  In the .zip file I submmitted.
  Or github.com/pavelkang/Term_Project/

* Timesheet
  

  
